# Chapter 1227: A Perilous Situation

The matter of the Edict God ritual upon the grand formation's spirit pool had long been amiss.

‘This Edict God should have been patiently nurtured before the Spiritual Treasure for over a decade, without any thought of acting… Even upon leaving, one must be calm and collected, unable to wield great dharma power.’

Although Li Que'wan's divine ability was not apparent, her years of cultivating a supreme art meant her Dao-Profundity was actually astonishing, and with her superior Daoist Tradition, she appeared relaxed and at ease, giving her the confidence to face enemies abroad.

But for that very reason, being injured overnight and having her aura connect to the Spiritual Treasure created a tremor that could not be easily dispelled; in Li Que'wan's eyes, however, another matter was even more troublesome—the backlash from her shamanic arts.

The arts of the Shaman-Register, regardless of success, mostly came at a high price, to say nothing of using a weak curse on the strong; if she had not drawn a bit of Qing Jifang's blood, she would have had no way to seal the mouth of that three-ability Daoist Master, and the price of casting the art was, naturally, that she too would find it difficult to part her lips.

Shamanic arts are ancient and profound, pointing directly to the origin, and the mouth-sealing within was no laughing matter; it was applied directly upon the Shengyang Acupoint, more or less eradicating the very concept of a 'mouth.' Even if Qing Jifang had opened another gash on his cheek at that time, it would have only been a wound, not lips and teeth, and he still would have been unable to release his spell arts, forced to let them explode obediently within his oral cavity!

The effect on Li Que'wan was the same; she could not simply form a new mouth to cast spells.

Thus, when she had acted, Li Que'wan had carefully weighed the consequences; by comparison, this price was much lighter, for she was merely affected by casting the spell, whereas Qing Jifang's great Dharma Art had exploded in his mouth on the spot. When it came down to it, however, Qing Jifang's divine ability rose up in resistance, and the resulting backlash was far greater than she had imagined.

‘That 'Manifestations Earth' divine ability has a wondrous use for dispelling wicked and unorthodox arts! Not only did it swiftly drive out my shamanic art… it even tried to burn me in return!’

This miscalculation was what caused Li Que'wan to spit out a mouthful of blood on the spot; even though she had relied on her formidable Dao-Profundity in shamanic arts to maintain the spell until the last moment before it shattered, the remaining backlash still exceeded her estimations. This was far more difficult to handle than the cracks left on her dharma body from Qing Jifang's palm strike!

‘Putting everything else aside for now… the backlash is too severe. The degree to which my lips and teeth have been erased is too extreme; I'll soon be unable to even take pills!’

It was from that mouthful of blood that the mystic pool in the lake, already unstable from her injuries, was suddenly covered in countless cracks; at the time, she had responded to the Bright Talisman and cast the matter aside without hesitation. Now, having rushed back, she was only able to forcefully suppress this mystic pool and prevent its collapse by using the marvel of the Supreme Yin Spiritual Treasure, the Profound Bestowal Glazed Talisman.

This Spiritual Treasure contained a marvel called Profound Casket, which could channel the divine protection of the Supreme Yin to suppress and preserve things that were broken, ruined, or dying—be it a heavily injured person on the brink of death, a spiritual item about to dissipate, or even a Spiritual Artifact on the verge of shattering, all could be maintained for a short time. 

This was how she saved both the mystic pool and Li Wushao!

But despite this, the danger brought by the tremors from the 'Edict God' marvel was still increasing, and the situation was already beginning to look as grim as bones in a tomb.

Li Que'wan had to exhaust her mind to suppress the Spiritual Treasure while simultaneously using all her might to activate its marvels, almost completely draining the divine ability from her body. To make matters worse, she could not consume pills at this moment; her vision was faintly turning black, and the hidden wounds beneath her injuries were like a breach in a fragile dam, causing her aura to inevitably decline bit by bit.

The only fortunate thing was that the 'Mystic Tablet Edict Pill' fell back into her palm; the marvel of 'Hidden Profundity' activated, the 'Profound Coffin Crimson Water' marvel responded, and her aura was finally bolstered, creating a temporary stalemate within the Great Void.

Seeing this, Li Ximing was greatly alarmed; he merely slapped his sleeve, and with a flip of his hand, revealed a perfectly round piece of jade:

It was the 'Vast Earth Treasured Heart Jade'!

This item was a treasure of Comprehending Profoundity and could not be borrowed by others; Li Ximing had previously given it to Li Zhouwei for healing, and later carried it on his person, but he had been unable to take it out during the great battle. Now, it was perfect for the occasion.

The spiritual qi radiating from it shone with a brownish-yellow light, soft as mist, that fell upon Li Que'wan and quickly stabilized her injuries. Li Que'wan, in turn, withdrew a hand; the marvel within her body vibrated, the flickering radiance in her Juque Palace vanished, and in an instant, it reappeared within her Shengyang Acupoint.

‘Luminous Chord of Obscurity!’

The Obscure Talisman emerged, and the blessing from the Dao of the Shaman-Register brought by the 'Unwearied Seat' visibly lessened the aftereffects of the shamanic art; the cracks on the mystic pool showed faint signs of repair. Li Que'wan finally had a chance to breathe; she raised her hand, attempted to consume a pill, and felt the weak dharma power stir within her.

‘Thirty percent effectiveness… it will have to be enough.’

Li Ximing had no time for anything else, pushing the Spiritual Artifact with all his might, while Li Jiangqian, who cultivated 'Li Fire,' had no supportive abilities; the young Daoist Master could only wait anxiously with a grim face. Only after a long while did he see his sister's complexion grow a little rosier, and she was able to turn her gaze to look at him.

She first nodded to Li Ximing, indicating her condition was much improved, then managed to raise her hand and wave it outwards.

Li Ximing paused. He cautiously weakened the glow of the Spiritual Artifact in his hand, and after confirming that Li Que'wan's aura had not changed, he put away the 'Vast Earth Treasured Heart Jade.' Li Jiangqian helped him down, closed the main hall's doors tightly, and sighed.

"The Elder and I—one 'Bright Yang,' the other 'Li Fire'—will only harm the 'Mansion Water' spiritual matrix by standing in the hall, and we cannot help her. The rest… can only be left to my sister."

Li Ximing nodded gravely. His own injuries were actually not light, but he was more worried about the situation in the hall. He said:

"The arts of shamans often harm both others and oneself, and are rife with backlash. She must have sealed Qing Jifang's mouth, which caused her to be unable to speak… even taking pills has become difficult."

Though the 'Obscure Talisman' had greatly suppressed the backlash of the shamanic art, the price to be paid could not be avoided; not only had Li Que'wan lost the ability to speak, but the efficacy of even the most basic act of consuming pills had been reduced to thirty percent. Li Ximing, after all, was the most familiar with medicinal effects, and he faintly perceived this. He coughed twice and said:

"We must look after her well!"

Li Jiangqian naturally understood that Li Que'wan absolutely could not be disturbed at this moment; when the 'Luminous Chord of Obscurity' was injured, it turned luminous, and when healing, it turned obscure. But if the Obscure Talisman were to fight again while damaged, both luminosity and obscurity would be lost; this was a perilous time indeed.

So he nodded solemnly, a gloomy look faintly visible in his eyes. Li Ximing patted his chest, suppressing the burning sensation in his dharma body, and said:

"I didn't expect… that after everything was handled so properly, we'd still end up in such a sorry state."

Li Jiangqian slowly shook his head and said:

"There was a large element of luck in this battle, a very large one. My sister's and Yehui's divine abilities clearly exceeded the West's expectations, and the fact this grand formation was built in advance was especially crucial… Father did not come out of seclusion, and none of us were heavily injured. This is a great victory…"

Li Ximing clasped his hands behind his back and nodded.

"For so many years, it has always been our family that's been unlucky. Your father was either acting for Song's Northern Expedition or guarding the lake against Shu; the enemy has always been beyond expectations. We finally had good luck for once."

Li Jiangqian's expression darkened slightly. He paced in front of the hall, his mind clearly racing with many thoughts, and sneered:

"I see this luck also has its origins. Fundamentally, the Dragon-kin intended to help, and the Great Song was unwilling to compromise—it wasn't that someone miscalculated, it's that in the current situation, whether Father's injuries have healed or not, a few great figures are no longer very interested. Rather than making pointless probes, it's better to throw everything to Changhuai…"

"Otherwise, if the Great Zhao had sent troops to Jianghuai a few days ago to tie down Yehui and Zhonggong in advance, how could the lake have withstood their assault!"

Li Ximing, while circulating his Spiritual Artifact to heal his injuries, frowned and said:

"True. Here in the south, judging by the tacit understanding between the Song Emperor and your father, as long as the Yang clan withdraws, it's equivalent to letting the entire Great Song support our Moongaze Lake."

Li Jiangqian just sneered.

"Not so. If their family refused to withdraw, then they would have been forced to have the Yang clan personally lead reinforcements to Moongaze Lake—my Li clan has bled and toiled for the Great Song at Lake Xian, and Father already has three divine abilities! At this point in time, would the Yang clan dare to show the slightest bit of faithlessness in front of the whole world? Even Yang Ruiyi wouldn't agree!"

"Anyway, they had to help one way or another. It was better for the entire Yang clan to temporarily give up power in the Great Song, rush Yang Ruiyi into seclusion, and recall the Nether Hall's Nether Chariot. This was the greatest weakening of my Li family, to give Western Shu a real chance to probe!"

His eyes were cold and heavy.

"Perhaps they could even put pressure on the Song Emperor… unfortunately, the Great Zhao has once again fractured internally, and the Profound Governance Pavilion side is unwilling to cooperate anymore."

Li Ximing understood his anger. He coughed twice, and Li Jiangqian changed his expression, shifting the topic. He finally revealed a hint of a smile and said:

"In the great battle just now, that Qing Jifang only sent two early-stage Purple Mansion Realm cultivators to hold me back, and I suppressed them with my own strength…"

His eyes gleamed with golden light.

"One of them had some skill; he must have been from Mount Changhuai. I don't know who it was, but he used the Manifestations Earth divine ability, only to be incinerated by my 'Vast Desert Li Flame'! I beat him into a sorry state."

As he spoke, a round bead like a golden core appeared in his palm; the 'Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument' was coiled with numerous golden threads, tightly binding an object that was earthy-yellow mixed with gold.

This object was only the size of a palm, seemingly carved into the shape of a bird, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws, looking very majestic. Li Jiangqian said faintly:

"But one of his spirit embryos was quite miraculous, able to control people's hearts. It was just caught off guard, broken by my flames, and unable to escape, it was seized by me!"

The marvel of the 'Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument' was quite domineering. Once the rolling golden threads emerged, they could directly suppress another's treasure nine times out of ten. If the enemy retreated, they would be unable to retrieve it.

At this moment, the golden threads dissipated and an earthy light appeared. The spirit embryo fell into his palm. Li Ximing examined it and praised:

"It must be a Daoist Master from Changhuai, that's right. One look at this item and you can tell its material is special; it's a spirit embryo specifically refined for a certain marvel—just have someone send it to Qusi."

He sighed slightly.

"We owe quite a few favors now, and our resources are even tighter. First, replenish Daoist Master Zhong's two spiritual resources… after all, you know he has also done his utmost!"

Li Jiangqian naturally nodded, but when this matter was brought up, worry inevitably appeared on his face, and he said in a low voice:

"In that case, Yehui's matter…"

Li Ximing was also silent, but the crimson-robed youth said:

"This matter can still be delayed. If we decide to give it to him, once things at home are settled, this junior will make a trip. It would be best to also settle the matter of that Mirrored-Mirage Grotto-Heaven, or else find something else to compensate him… but… he will definitely not be satisfied."

Yehui's attitude towards the Li clan was quite forthright; he had even clearly stated his intentions before. Li Ximing said:

"Let's not be hasty. I'll go discuss it with your father."

Li Jiangqian hurriedly said:

"Grand Uncle's injuries have not recovered, and the pills are still in the furnace. You don't need to wait here, just leave it to me!"

Li Ximing was also truly worried about the furnace fire in the world—after another month or so of nurturing, it would be time for the pills to form. Even though he had the two Horn Wood great pills left over from healing Li Zhouwei, he simply did not have the time to sit quietly and heal, and had to rush back immediately.

He then took one out for the time being, solemnly handed it to Li Jiangqian, and said:

"You arrange the matters at home. Wait for your sister to recover. It's best if she can turn the tide, but if she can't stabilize the situation, she will most likely suffer a great loss of vitality. Don't be stingy with this pill. Follow her opinion; if she can take it, have her take it as soon as possible…"

His gaze dimmed slightly as he said:

"Wushao… is an elder of the family. For so many years, he has repeatedly avoided calamities to get to this day. Logically, he should be blessed. I hope he can turn misfortune into good fortune."

He left in a hurry, leaving Li Jiangqian to guard the hall. The young man waited for a moment, closed his eyes and sat quietly. After a long while, the morning sun rose on the horizon again. Only then did he perceive two streaks of light, one after the other, coming towards the Great Void. He immediately stepped into the air and said in a low voice:

"How are things in the south?!"

Cheng Qian and Liu Changdie were both in good condition, without even many signs of fighting. The long whip at the waist of this 'Whole Pill' Daoist Master was not even unfurled. Seeing Li Jiangqian, Cheng Qian immediately said:

"The battle at Yuyang wasn't great, after all, Qing Jifang wasn't present… It's said that although those Daoist Masters came menacingly, they had no intention of a real fight. They also had treasures to warn them, so they quickly retreated."

Li Jiangqian had actually expected this trip to be fruitless, but Chen Yin had helped with all his might, so it was impossible for his family not to send someone. Without delaying a moment, he pulled Cheng Qian down and said in a low voice:

"There's some trouble in the formation. I need your help, Daoist friend!"

Fortune and misfortune are intertwined. At this time, Li Jiangqian was instead glad that the one who had rushed back was precisely a 'Whole Pill' cultivator. Riding the wind down, he carefully opened the hall doors and said:

"Please!"

Cheng Qian only glanced once, his expression changing slightly. He carefully stepped forward. And the woman floating in mid-air suddenly opened her eyes; the lead and mercury in her pupils shifted, and she stared at him for a moment before extending a hand, pointing her index finger down at the mystic pool.

Cheng Qian immediately understood. He sat cross-legged by the pool, cupping the shattered jade walls with both hands. The 'Whole Pill' divine ability surged in, stabilizing the mystic pool. Li Que'wan's floating black hair then slowly settled down. The silver in her eyes retracted, and she took out another pill, stuffing it into her mouth without any hesitation.

'Awaiting the Supreme Divine' could seize the wondrous uses of pills and artifacts; Li Ximing had accumulated quite a lot of pills over the years. Several 'Pit Water' pills that he had no use for had all been left for her, and they came in handy now.

This scene fell into Li Jiangqian's eyes, truly making him sigh in relief. He cherished this clanswoman very much, and even wanted to send someone to find Shanbai to take a look. But he was still not at ease with Cheng Qian, and even less at ease with the lake being empty. So he cupped his hands to Liu Changdie and said:

"I must trouble Senior to guard the great desert."

"No problem!"

Liu Changdie had obtained the 'Vault Metal' Spiritual Treasure and was treasuring it greatly. He was just worried about Li Que'wan's safety, otherwise he would have started studying it secretly long ago. Getting some quiet was actually better, so he headed west all at once.

Li Jiangqian took a few steps back and sat down on the threshold of the main hall, looking like he was acting as a Dharma Protector for the two. Who would have known that a series of footsteps would come from below the hall, and Li Jiangzong would hurry to the front of the hall and bow, saying:

"Reporting to elder brother, a Daoist Master… has come to visit!"

"A Daoist Master?"

Li Jiangqian really could not think of who would come looking for his family at this time. He frowned at him.

"From which party?"

Li Jiangzong hesitated and shook his head with a look of disbelief, and said with his head bowed:

"He actually claims… to be a subordinate of King Wei, one of our own people. His surname is Yin, his given name is Juexi, and his Daoist name is 'Kuang Hong'."
