# Chapter 1239 Autumn Rain

White Ye Immortal Sect.

The mountain forest was a swathe of gloom, and in the Daoist temple the indistinct moonlight seemed exceptionally bleak; a Daoist stood in the courtyard, gazing upon the pitch-black mountains without a word.

After an unknown amount of time, a faint voice was finally heard.

“Bai Ziyu, this Purple Mystery… you’ve been stuck on it for long enough.”

The words flowed like water through the courtyard, and only then could one vaguely discern another person within the forest, their form like a ripple of water, faintly clinging to the shadows of the trees, yet from which a white, frost-like brilliance seemed to emerge.

Hearing these words, the young Daoist turned and said:

“I’m only short one stream of qi. Since Changxiao is unwilling to give it to me, I have other ways to obtain it. As for whether it’s a few decades earlier or later, it makes little difference.”

His eyes were calm.

“For people like us, there are only one or two chances to fail for each divine ability. Purple Mystery is certainly difficult, but it is not the hardest part for me—there is only a single portion of the Crimson-Headed Profound Soul. If I fail, even with the ability to comprehend Purple Mystery, I will never have another chance to touch the threshold of immortality.”

“Even if he had given it to me back then, I would most likely still have only three divine abilities now. Without ninety percent certainty, I would never make the attempt.”

At his words, the Daoist Master beneath the trees slowly paced out, dressed in white robes with sleeves embroidered with patterns of white snow. Her features were exquisitely beautiful, like those of a celestial fairy, and her brow held a noble, imposing air of ice and snow. Her vermilion lips parted softly.

“Purple Mystery is not to be crossed lightly. I won’t even discuss whether you can succeed in one try, or whether a second portion of the Crimson-Headed Profound Soul can be found. The Capital Guard is in such a slump right now, you must consider this carefully, otherwise, in the future… you might come to regret it…”

The youthful-looking Daoist Master turned his head and smiled.

“Zhang Ruoning, I think it’s you who has regrets.”

The woman glanced at him, showing no sign of annoyance, and instead said softly:

“My mother gave birth to me after consuming the Magpie God’s Cold Splendor, so I was born to cultivate 'Cold Qi'; if Guo Shentong hadn't delayed me for so many years, my cultivation would have been even faster, and as for regret, Cold Qi is an adjutant to the three yin—I can afford to regret it anytime.”

Yehui had little interest, the smile fading from his face as he said:

“You have the Golden Oneness Daoist Tradition behind you; you naturally have the right to choose.”

A trace of gloom flashed across the woman’s beautiful face as she spoke softly:

“You’re overthinking things. The world is vast, and True Monarchs place more than a few idle pieces on the board in their leisure. Behind one successful scheme are many discarded pawns. Tianque is one, and so am I—otherwise I would not have come to find you today.”

“Find me.”

Yehui turned his head, watching her quietly as he spoke:

“Daoist Friend Tianwan, what important matter brings you here?”

Tianwan said faintly:

“You’re helping the Li clan for a certain spiritual item.”

As soon as she spoke, a smile quickly spread across the young man’s face. He sized up the woman before him with a completely different look in his eyes, as if he had not expected her to guess this much. He sat down on the stone chair and smiled.

“Daoist Friend Tianwan, why would you say such a thing? The Li clan and I are colleagues. It is only natural that I would help them with all my strength. Why would there be any talk of rewards?”

Tianwan looked completely uninterested and stated flatly:

“I have some understanding of what kind of person you are, Yehui. I won’t waste words. Just tell me, is it for a stream of Supreme Yin Qi?”

Only then did a flicker of pity finally surface in Yehui’s eyes as he said tonelessly:

“So Golden Oneness truly doesn't care about you… they really did cast you aside after they were done… Back when you came out of the grotto-heaven to take refuge with Guo Shentong, you probably never read any profound Daoist scriptures… Zhang Ruoning! To think that you, a Zhang, have to ask a rogue cultivator like me about such things!”

A look of astonishment gradually filled his eyes.

“For you to have cultivated to this stage… it can only be called a mark of extraordinary talent!”

“If I truly had any backing, I would not have failed to find Guo Shentong even to this day.”

Tianwan’s expression remained calm, allowing him to speak his piece until the young Daoist Master dropped his mocking tone and smiled.

“So what do you plan to do? You don’t actually believe your current status can convince those on the lake to part with a stream of Supreme Yin Qi for you, do you?”

Tianwan’s expression was unchanged as she said:

“My plans are no concern of yours. Besides, as long as the benefits are great enough, what cannot be traded for? If I were to bring them a portion of Heavenly Apricot Rain, do you think the Li clan would trade or not?”

Yehui shrugged and said:

“What has that to do with me?”

Tianwan let out a breath and said:

“I have a faint premonition that during this seclusion, Boundless Expanse will be achieved. With five arts mastered, the next step will be to strive for the Quest for Gold.”

Her tone was nonchalant, but now, a graver look finally entered Yehui’s eyes. He lowered his gaze and sipped his tea as Tianwan continued softly:

“I have focused on cultivating the Dao my entire life, rarely bothering with worldly affairs; among those of the Purple Mansion Realm, my killing karma is considered very light. Guo Shentong cultivates Merging Fire and kills at the slightest provocation. When I had the chance, I tried to persuade him otherwise, but if others obstruct my Dao, I will also kill them without hesitation… neither in light nor shadow, this is simply how I have walked my path.”

“I have no descendants of my Dao Lineage to protect. If you are willing to help me on this final leg, I will in turn help you with your final divine ability—if I were to cast aside all face, I can still say a word or two before Tianque and Tianhuo.”

Yehui seemed not to have expected her cultivation to progress so quickly, nor that she had so decisively made up her mind to cultivate 'Cold Qi'. He said faintly:

“For the sake of our past friendship, if I do obtain the item, I will naturally let you know.”

“Many thanks, Daoist Friend.”

The woman before him offered this single, indifferent phrase, then turned and stepped into the Great Void. She paused abruptly and said in a low voice:

“People like us… only after committing ourselves to the grand scheme of things can we see its true shape. Whether it's Changxiao or myself, we can't help but bash our heads against walls until we're bruised and bloody. Now that you've found a way, you must cherish it.”

After she finished speaking, she vanished like a gust of mountain wind and snow, scattering like smoke. Yehui had received her promise, but he showed no joy, instead leaning languidly against the table, appearing somewhat dazed.

‘Time flows like water… to think that before my very eyes… it’s almost time for our generation to seek the Dao.’

Yehui was younger, and the 'Capital Guard' possessed a few life-extending methods. He had believed he would be able to witness the path to Dao-attainment of all the cultivators of his generation and thereby gain some advantage, but as the day slowly drew near, he instead grew uneasy.

He sat motionless in the mountains for a time, remaining until the morning sun rose. Suddenly, his expression changed. He took a single step, passing through the great formation, and raised his brow to gaze distantly toward the south.

On the southern horizon, a golden-white color was faintly rising.

Surprise surged in Yehui’s eyes. He pinched his fingers to divine, pondering several times before he finally sensed a crimson hue filling the Great Void. An apricot-red radiance stopped before the great formation, and a voice called out:

“Senior Yehui! What a coincidence, Changli has come to visit!”

These words immediately made the youthful-looking Daoist Master stand up, the emotions in his eyes changing rapidly.

Li Jiangqian!

What else could this prince be doing here? Moongaze Lake still owed him a stream of spiritual qi; they should be avoiding him at all costs, not actively seeking him out!

His thoughts moved swiftly, and he understood that as long as the other party was willing to come, his own matter was ninety percent settled. Thus, he rose up on his divine ability, his face already wreathed in smiles, and said with elation:

“Your Highness!”

Sure enough, a young man descended from the Great Void. His golden eyes were brilliant, and the aura of a fierce hero could be seen in his features, lending him an air of maturity. In comparison, it was Yehui, who always maintained a youthful appearance, who looked even younger!

Li Jiangqian gave a slight nod, his gaze also falling to the south. He watched the phenomenon that filled the heavens and earth, his brows tightly knitted.

Those of the Purple Mansion Realm are very sensitive to the phenomena of heaven and earth, which often signify great changes in the current state of affairs. How could he not take notice? Yehui also suppressed the joy in his heart, frowning as he said:

“The heavens and earth are changing color, a golden qi soars to the sky, and an autumn rain fills the air, its influence spreading far and wide. By my calculations, although it doesn’t cover ten thousand li like Daoist Master Yuanxiu’s did, it still spans several thousand, drizzling on, unstoppable.”

Such a grand phenomenon could not possibly be someone breaking through to the Purple Mansion Realm. Li Jiangqian asked doubtfully:

“I wonder which family’s Daoist Master it is… The Southern Sea doesn’t seem to have any particularly famous Metal Virtue grand cultivators…”

“Indeed, there are no great cultivators of that kind.”

Yehui’s expression was grave, a strange look in his eyes as he said:

“I know some of the cultivators of the Southern Sea. There are Metal Virtue cultivators, yes, but for a phenomenon this grand, it would likely require a Great Daoist Master. Yet I haven’t heard of anyone breaking through Purple Mystery, so how could one fall so unexpectedly?”

Li Jiangqian fell silent for a moment, the contemplation in his eyes deepening.

He had also performed a quick calculation himself. Although his divination arts were far inferior to Li Que'wan's, they were superior to Yehui's. After all, his Talisman Qi, Greedy Snare of Profound Li, had the effect of grasping at shadows and also granted a certain sensitivity. Looking at the description of the phenomenon, it bore some resemblance to the Heavenly Beard Polished Metal Sutra recorded in his clan’s archives!

This was quite unusual. Although the Heavenly Beard Polished Metal Sutra had spread after the extermination of the Golden Tang Gate, whenever this art was mentioned, his first reaction was of a single person:

Situ Huo!

He had long since noticed this person’s strangeness. With Li Jiangqian’s caution, he had even made a special trip to Tangdao Mountain before coming here, only to discover that Situ Huo was still not on the mountain.

‘This cultivation method was once the exclusive art of the Golden Feather, and only a few families ever obtained it. Either that old coot traded it to some rogue cultivator, or he’s really the one causing this commotion… It surely can’t be Changyun!’

The young man pondered, half-believing and half-doubting:

‘He hasn’t been seen for some years. Ever since trading with my family, he has vanished without a trace. He didn’t even appear for the great battle in Western Shu and has yet to return. What's even stranger is that not a single order has come down from the palace; they don’t even mention him.’

In truth, this could all be explained by a secluded cultivation for a breakthrough, but whether this person was truly on the mountain or not could not be hidden from the Li clan, much less from the Underworld!

‘But logically, for such a figure with divine abilities, even if the Yang clan was wary of him, they would never allow him to fall so easily. Martial Cultivation has also given no hint, as if he is being completely ignored…’

He keenly realized the waters here ran deep.

‘If it is Situ Huo… then that is very likely the real reason the Yang clan took in such a notorious rogue cultivator!’

He deeply suppressed this doubt. Beside him, Yehui was also lost in thought. He made a welcoming gesture. Li Jiangqian, his face full of eagerness, descended without another word, first performing a deep bow and saying with a smile:

“Many thanks to you, Daoist Friend, for your help in protecting my clan’s elder!”

Yehui stepped aside to avoid the bow.

“Your Highness is too kind.”

Li Jiangqian looked him up and down, a look of considerable surprise on his face, and sighed.

“That day, I saw that Senior’s injuries were not light. I never imagined that in a few short years, you would have recovered completely, without the slightest abnormality.”

Yehui shook his head and said:

“The injuries are still there… My spell arts were broken, which is far from something that can be mended in a few years, but it did not harm my Dharma Body, so there is no great outward change.”

Li Jiangqian took a seat, appearing quite magnanimous as he shook his head and said:

“I understand what Senior requires, and Senior understands my great-granduncle’s reputation. I went to request this item the day I returned, and have only just now managed to obtain it… It’s just…”

“I understand!”

Both parties were intelligent. Yehui of course knew what he wanted. He raised his head, pointed to a brightly shining star in the sky, and said solemnly:

“I swear on my chance to attain the Dao, if Chuyi Heaven opens, I will do my utmost to assist your esteemed clan, protect your disciples, and strive for the greatest benefit!”

Those who seek the Dao are mostly wary of such prophetic oaths, especially since Yehui was swearing upon the brightly shining Martial Cultivation Star in the sky; although this star would not visit any calamity upon a Purple Mansion Realm cultivator, once the oath was made, it was not at all impossible for it to hinder Yehui in the fragile balance of seeking the Dao!

‘Unless, by that time, the Great Song has already fallen…’

Only then did Li Jiangqian feel much more at ease. He reached into his sleeve, took out a white jade porcelain bottle, slowly presented it, and smiled.

“I have only one question for Senior.”

Yehui’s heart instantly leaped into his throat. He smiled.

“Please, speak.”

Li Jiangqian smiled and said:

“I ask only one thing, and I wish to hear the truth—which great personage put forth the effort to invite you here, Daoist Friend?”

Yehui pondered for a moment, then smiled.

“It was a great personage who has surpassed Purple Mystery! But I cannot mention their name or origins. They can converse and laugh with the direct lineage of Luoxia, and though their Dao Lineage has declined, when it comes to bloodline, I have never seen anyone who can compare!”

He was very cunning, emphasizing the bloodline to make it impossible for the other party to guess the person’s identity. The young man before him, however, simply smiled and asked softly:

“Has my father met them?”

Yehui was slightly startled in his heart. He shook his head and sighed.

“How would I know that?”

He refused to say more, but Li Jiangqian seemed to have gained some understanding and passed the bottle over thoughtfully.

‘So it’s possible they have met… Their stance is at least very close to Mount Luoxia, and they cannot contact my family directly, only through an intermediary like Yehui.’

Yehui received it with both hands. Even someone as composed as him could not help but tremble slightly at this moment. His spiritual sense swept into the bottle and indeed saw a stretch of clear, moist white, as ethereal as mist in the mountains.

‘Born of Supreme Yin, its nature is that of a gentle leap, its aura like the cold malice of Lesser Yin, fluttering like snow on a moonlit night. It truly is Yin-Leap Qi! Good! It's in my hands! Now I can go to Profound Governance and demand that portion of Crimson-Headed Profound Soul…’

Even though he had appeared completely unconcerned when facing Tianwan, decades of his efforts had come to nothing time and again, like drawing water with a bamboo basket. He had sought a turning point from the narrowest of margins in a situation where he had no choice but to offend the Li clan, and he had walked this path until today. At this moment, truly possessing the chance to seek the Dao, his heart was filled with a myriad of complex emotions.

‘Thank goodness! Thank goodness for Zhaojing… Otherwise… what chance would there have been for reconciliation!’

He stood up, his expression extremely complex, and it was impossible to tell how much was genuine as he sighed.

“This favor… Yehui will remember it. If I am able to attain the Great Dao, I will surely repay it!”

Li Jiangqian also rose and smiled.

“Then congratulations are in order, Senior. When Chuyi Heaven opens, with two Daoist Masters from our two families standing in the Great Void, everything will surely be brought to a perfect conclusion!”

The young man laughed heartily.

“I’ll take you at your good word!”
