# Chapter 492: Deer Demon's Invitation

When news of Li Jingtian's death reached their ears, the Li Family entered a period of mourning. Although she was merely a mortal, she was still the daughter of Li Xiangping, the sister of Li Xuanfeng, and one of the family's oldest members.

Chen Donghe hurried back, carrying his wife's frail body in his arms. He seemed normal, and Li Yuanjiao received him at the border solemnly. Together, they walked back to the residence in silence.

Chen Donghe was seventy years old. Since he had only begun his Qi Cultivation at thirty, he retained his appearance in his early fifties. Nevertheless, he was still an elder in the family and stood tall at the funeral.

Li Qinghong had just learned of her mother Lu Wanrong's death, and now the body of her aunt Li Jingtian was being returned to the Li Family. With two relatives lost in such quick succession, she was engulfed in grief. The happiness on her face from the afterglow of her breakthrough was now overshadowed by sorrow.

After a busy period of six months, everything was finally settled. Since Li Qinghong was affected by grief right after her breakthrough, she needed another period of seclusion to stabilize her cultivation, leaving Li Yuanjiao to look after the family.

————

On Mount Qingdu.

Li Yuanjiao guided Chen Donghe into Mount Qingdu. Observing his uncle's steady demeanor and good health, he felt relieved and began politely, "We've caused you a great deal of trouble all these years, Uncle... Now that the younger generation has grown, you don't need to stay in that desolate place. You can leave the qi gathering task to them and focus on your cultivation."

"It's no trouble," Chen Donghe replied, bowing politely. He sighed before continuing, "Who do you plan to send there?"

Li Yuanjiao responded, "An Zheyan has two sons, both married to the daughters of the Li Family. They're mid-stage Qi Cultivators now—reliable and loyal. I plan to have them take turns gathering qi."

Chen Donghe nodded and responded, "I will write a letter to Bai Yinzi, then."

He paused shortly, then added, "Bai Yinzi is keen to form connections. He can send a few of his people to help us. Within twenty years, they should become our family's wings and pawns in the desert."

"Yes," Li Yuanjiao agreed readily. With a quick scan using his spiritual sense, he noticed that Chen Donghe had already reached the eighth heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm.

Politely, he said, "Uncle has worked hard for many years, so I must reward you... I have a secret Barrier Breaking Pill at home. If you take it, you could break through to the ninth heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm."

"That... I'm already an old man. It hardly seems worth it to take such a precious pill! It would be better to save it for Ximing or Xijun," Chen Donghe replied with a frown on his face. He spoke sincerely, not out of politeness.

"I'm over seventy years old! What difference does it make whether I break through to the ninth heavenly layer now or later? It's better to give it to the younger generation," he emphasized.

Li Yuanjiao could only force the pill into his hand and assured, "I've left enough for the children. How can you inspire confidence in others if you don't take this?"

Reluctantly, Chen Donghe accepted the pill, mumbling a few words of the Profound Scenery Spiritual Oath before heading off to find a place to cultivate in seclusion.

Li Yuanjiao sat on a stone bench, gazing at the old books that Chen Donghe had brought back which were now piled on top of the table. These were all collected and annotated by Li Jingtian while she was still alive. He sighed softly as he put them away.

"Auntie... what a pity..." he murmured quietly.

He sat for a while in the courtyard before a tall man entered and bowed.

"Xicheng greets the ancestor."

Li Yuanjiao hummed in reply, raising his hand to help Li Xicheng up with his mana. Li Yuanping's health had gradually declined over the past six months, and most of the family's affairs were now in Li Xicheng's hands.

Li Xicheng cupped his fist and reported, "The family's output is increasing. The first batch of spirit fish raised through the demon beasts in the lake has been harvested and sold for seven Spirit Stones. In the future, we expect even more income—at least an additional four or five Spirit Stones every year."

"As for the two ore veins, they've been deeply excavated, but not many ores have been found yet. However, we should see output in a few years," he added.

When Li Yuanping took over the Li Family, it was facing annual deficits, and the family was in a state of financial turmoil. By the time it was handed over to Li Xicheng, the family had turned over a profit of over ten Spirit Stones each year. Li Yuanjiao nodded in approval at the news of the increased income.

"In recent years, the family has welcomed three new Qi Cultivators and five unrefined Qi Cultivators, replacing several Embryonic Breathing Realm members among the five peaks."

The Li Family was now showing signs of becoming a real clan with unrefined Qi Cultivators springing up like mushrooms after rain, alongside many pure Qi Cultivators. Li Xicheng himself had also reached the third heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm.

"An Zheyan is the strongest Qi Cultivator at the ninth heavenly layer. Chen Donghe and Uncle Xuanxuan are both in the late stage, while Tian Zhongqing, Xu Gongming, White Monkey, Chen Mufeng, Li Wen, and others are in the mid-stage. In addition, there are eleven early-stage Qi Cultivators from other families and the Jade Court Guards, making a total of twenty-seven pure and forty-one unrefined Qi Cultivators."

"As for Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators, there are four members—Second Uncle, Aunt Qinghong, Senior Wushao, and Master Monk Kongheng. The Li Family has now caught up with the former Yu Family and has become the overlord of the lake!"

With a sigh, Li Xicheng continued, "Our family now oversees more than 450,000 people, but our spirit fields are limited and we've done our best to manage them. Since we're bound by the oaths among the three families, we can't move north. Otherwise, we could sweep through Moongaze, Milin, and Glacial Cloud... The Fei and Yu families wouldn't be able to stop us!"

The Li Family was thriving with newly promoted Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators, as well as increasing numbers of pure and unrefined Qi Cultivators. However, as the seats of authority on the five peaks were gradually filled, a situation akin to that of 'too many monks and too little porridge' began to emerge.

Li Yuanjiao listened to Li Xicheng before nodding slightly and replied, "If we want to move north, we must first eliminate Yu Muxian, secure a position in the Azure Pond Sect, and make Moongaze Lake subordinate to Qingsui Peak to achieve success. Azure Pond rotates its management every seventy years, and Yuanwu Peak only has twenty years left."

Li Xicheng responded with a hum, prompting Li Yuanjiao to continue, "Now that our family has four Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators, we should consider setting up a branch overseas. Most of the local Foundation Establishment Realm demon generals already have some background, making it unwise to capture them. Moreover, establishing a branch out there will allow us to communicate with the outside world, obtain spirit items, and absorb the population."

Li Xicheng listened intently, waiting for his uncle to make a decision. However, Li Yuanjiao remained concerned and mumbled to himself, "Most of the large and small islands overseas already have owners, making it difficult to find a safe and spacious place to settle. Additionally, we need at least two Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators to maintain a foothold. Whoever we send out... might not be appropriate."

Li Wushao was the local power in the Eastern Sea and would be the most suitable choice for this task, but the excavation of the mine in Moongaze Lake had just begun. Without a demon general to oversee it, the demons might not follow anyone else's orders. If Li Wushao were to leave for an extended period, problems could arise.

As Li Yuanjiao calculated in his mind silently, An Zheyan hurried in, reporting respectfully, "Ancestor! A fox sent a letter."

"Huh..? Bring it here quickly!"

Upon hearing that it was from a fox, Li Yuanjiao eagerly responded, knowing that it must be a letter from the White Banyan Fox. An Zheyan wore a strange expression on his face as he nodded and exited.

Not long after, An Zheyan returned, gliding in on the wind while cradling a pillow-sized red fox in his arms. The fox had striking green eyes and held a jade slip in its mouth, appearing quite well-behaved.

"Oh, it's an actual fox... not a fox demon," Li Yuanjiao mumbled upon this realization, accepting the jade slip and reading it carefully.

"...The den has already sent a demon general... It's a deer demon... at the mid-stage Foundation Establishment Realm. It has prepared a gift... and wants to speak with our family..."

So, a new demon general has been appointed... The demon den's response is surprisingly slow!

Li Yuanjiao nodded in understanding, then handed over the jade slip to Li Xicheng who quickly read through it and wondered aloud, "This deer demon... is it afraid of our family?"

"How can it not be afraid?" Li Yuanjiao laughed as he went on to explain, "The previous generals died at our family's hands, and the White Banyan Fox has handled everything quietly. That's typically how the three sects and seven gates operate!"

"Since this new demon general is forced to guard this place, it naturally wishes to negotiate with us. Otherwise, it'd just be sitting there, waiting for us to take its life."

Li Yuanjiao turned his gaze to the obedient little red fox before him and added softly, "Let's see what kind of creature this deer demon really is."

Li Xicheng nodded slightly, allowing An Zheyan to take the fox away. He then reminded, "Ancestor... Uncle Xuanxuan's inner demon is growing stronger with each passing day. Although the old man doesn't speak of it... we can't just stand by and watch."

Li Yuanjiao's expression turned grim as he heard this. He shook his sleeves and replied in a deep voice, "Xijun has mentioned it to me several times... I've been inquiring about it for a while now. I've heard that the Hengzhu Dao Gate has a way to resolve it. Find someone to take him there!"

With that, Li Yuanjiao turned away and left indifferently.

Li Xicheng stood stunned for a moment, then smiled bitterly as he watched his ancestor float away, murmuring to himself, "But... it costs a lot, and Uncle Xuanxuan will probably refuse to go!"

Caught in a dilemma, he glanced at the Jade Court Guards standing silently beside him. After a moment of contemplation, he then said softly, "I can only ask Brother Jun!"

————

Ancestral Hall.

Li Xijun spent another half a year on the mountain. Since many assumed he had been grounded, no one dared to disturb him. He focused on his training with his sword and spells during this peaceful period and was able to improve significantly in both.

When news of Li Jingtian's passing arrived, Li Yuanjiao visited him several times to chat. Even in the ancestral hall, Li Xijun was dressed all in white. He was still worried about Li Xuanxuan.

"The old man hasn't been mentally healthy... I wonder if he can bear this news."

After another half month of cultivating in the ancestral hall, Li Xijun planned to leave once his three-year term was up. Just then, Li Xicheng rushed in with news, and Li Xijun found it difficult to sit still.

Both sides are unwilling to give in...

Concerned about Li Xuanxuan, he learned that Li Qinghong was in seclusion and Li Yuanjiao had left yet again. Unable to contain himself, he finally exited the ancestral hall and flew to the Alchemy Pavilion.

Upon arriving at the entrance, he noticed a woman standing quietly by the door—a fair-skinned and beautiful Qi Cultivator. As her gaze fell upon him, she said respectfully, "Greetings, Senior."

"Ah... it's you, Meng," Li Xijun replied, his tone distant. He then went on to knock on the door before him.

Inside, Li Ximing was manipulating a vermillion flame—Long Marching Fire Essence. With a push of his hands, six pills flew out, and he stored them away while asking simultaneously, "Who is it?"

Li Xijun waited until Li Ximing had put away his pill flame before entering the hall, pleased to receive a guest when he was focused on his alchemy.

"You've holed yourself up for a year and are finally willing to come out?" he asked with a teasing smile.

Li Xijun shook his head and inquired, "Let me ask you... how many pills did Uncle take this year? Is it a normal amount?"

Li Ximing's expression soured as he replied softly, "That's a difficult question. He's taken many of them—Tranquility Pills, Jade Ice Pills, and Turning Cloud Pills, but their effectiveness is diminishing... I'm afraid we can't delay it any longer. Grandfather refuses to speak of his trouble and Second Uncle rarely inquires..."

Li Xijun gently shook his head and said, "Second Uncle has come several times to the ancestral hall, waiting for me to bring this up. Although the two of them may not seem very close, they are still father and son."

Li Ximing felt a wave of sadness as he remarked, "He just can't set aside his pride and speak up..."

His words were unclear, leaving Li Xijun unsure of whom he was referring to. Li Xijun simply looked at him, shaking his head with a sigh.

Having carefully reviewed the Family History in the ancestral hall over the years, Li Xijun could only say, "There's a gap between father and son, and the only uncle[1] who could resolve it died early. And so... they continue to drift apart. Uncle Xuanxuan can't swallow his pride, and Uncle Jiao can't bring himself to express his feelings. Yet, both of them are hurting inside..."

Li Xijun took a jade slip from his robe and added softly, "Uncle Jiao may not say it, but he's obviously worried. He has sent someone to inquire about a cure some time ago. Uncle's condition can no longer be cured by ordinary pills and medicine... There's a calming spell at Hengzhu Dao Gate that should be able to help."

"I know that too, however, that spell requires many spirit items and costs forty or fifty Spirit Stones each time. Grandfather is used to being frugal; how can he agree to that?" Li Ximing asked helplessly.

"That's easy—we'll just do it without asking for his opinion. I'll trick him into coming along under the pretense of looking for spirit water. Once we reach Hengdong Prefecture, I'll invite the people from Hengzhu Dao Gate. By then, Granduncle will have no choice but to comply," Li Xijun whispered.

Li Ximing nodded repeatedly, rather excited by the plan.

"Good idea! But with so many devil cultivators around now, I'm afraid something might happen if only both of you were to travel south..."

"Don't worry, Kongheng will accompany us there. He's an orthodox Buddhist cultivator and excels at calming the mind and nurturing qi, so there shouldn't be any issues along the way," Li Xijun reassured him.

He winked at Li Ximing with a smile and said, "I shouldn't be the one making this suggestion. You'll need to present it as your own idea to Uncle Jiao."

Li Ximing nodded and replied, "I understand."

With that, Li Xijun said nothing more. He nodded, then flew directly to the cave dwelling on the mountain to invite Li Xuanxuan.

Left sitting in the Alchemy Pavilion in a daze, Li Ximing was soon interrupted by Meng Zhuoyun, who gently pushed the door open and said softly, "Brother Ming..."

Li Ximing breathed a sigh of relief and led her inside. The two exchanged glances, and Meng Zhuoyun sat beside him. Both of them had spent more than a year together, and having already done the deed long ago, there was no longer the need for formality between them.

Li Ximing skillfully pulled open the collar of her white robe and caressed her smooth, delicate shoulders, but his mind was elsewhere.

His gaze lingered on Meng Zhuoyun's beautiful eyebrows, and he noticed the dark blue osmanthus hairpin in her hair. It appeared to be a dharma artifact that complimented her white attire wonderfully.

Meng Zhuoyun seemed to sense his gaze and spoke softly, "This was what my father left me before he passed away. He spent several days crafting it."

Li Ximing's heart sank.

"Elder Meng has passed?! When did it happen?"

"Last night," she replied quietly, "He didn't know his limits and died after only three months of secluding himself to attempt a breakthrough."

Li Ximing immediately released her shoulders and comforted her.

"My condolences..."

Meng Zhuoyun chuckled softly and asked tenderly, "What? You don't want to do it today?"

Li Ximing murmured, "It's a pity for Elder Meng... Alas, life and death are like this; there's nothing we can do. He lived for over 190 years, longer than many Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators. Not many can live to two hundred years old..."

As Meng Zhuoyun listened to his endless rambling, she could not help but find it rather amusing. Tears filled her eyes as she leaned in and kissed him, biting his lower lip.

Li Ximing tasted saltiness on his lips, realizing it was her sadness. He tried to console her, but she finally stopped pretending, her tears flowing freely as she cried out loud, "Are you going to do it or not?"

He looked at her in confusion, then pulled her into his embrace as she broke down completely.

"Think about how many can live to two hundred years old..." he repeated with a long sigh.

Meng Zhuoyun cried and laughed through her whirlwind of emotions. After a long moment, she finally let out a soft sigh.

1. Referring to Li Yuanxiu, Li Yuanjiao's big brother who is dead. ☜
