# Chapter 929, Red Pheasant Surging Li

The Great Suopo King's eyes were smiling, his joy plain to see. He was a Demon King who had lived for many years, and he could easily tell that the relationship between the two men before him was at the level of a deep, hereditary friendship.

He was inwardly ecstatic,

'My divine ability truly cannot be wrong! How could they be enemies! I saw from the start that Brother Liu was a man of deep fortune. I slowly guided him, forming a good bond. I never thought it would pay off so quickly!'

'I probably didn't even need to use my divine ability on that tiger demon to learn that his master would be helpful to me. If I had just waited a year or two, Brother Liu would have brought Li Ximing to me anyway, and the pill would have been refined all the same!'

He laughed inwardly, marveling at his own divine ability,

'Now we can skip all those small suspicions, all that time spent building trust! With Brother Liu here to make the introductions, how could I possibly fear any tricks?'

And so he laughed aloud, immediately ordering the demons to prepare a grand feast. He eagerly brought out wine, filling both their cups, his expression full of heroic spirit,

"How many old friends get to meet again at the Purple Mansion Realm? The past is like flowing water. Let us celebrate and drink to this!"

His words were fitting for the occasion. Li Ximing and Liu Changdie drank together. Li Ximing offered a polite smile, but Liu Changdie was still lost in nostalgic sighs. He turned his head and said seriously,

"Senior Fuxun has shown me immense kindness and is a true, close friend. Ximing, you need not have any doubts."

His words laid everything bare. Li Ximing nodded silently, indicating he understood. The Demon King signaled for music to be played and smiled,

"Now, Daoist Friend doesn't have to worry about me going back on my word, and I don't have to worry about Daoist Friend exaggerating his abilities. With Daoist Friend Yuanbian here, how could there be any deceit between us?"

This was true. Li Ximing nodded. Liu Changdie's trustworthiness was beyond compare. He then watched as the Demon King recounted their previous plan in great detail. He grabbed Liu Changdie's hand, saying awkwardly,

"We are all on the same side, so I won't use empty words. Right now, my pockets are empty. I'm lacking the 'Radiant Fire' resources and was hoping you could help make up for it."

Liu Changdie nodded and smiled.

"Good!"

He pressed his storage bag, pondering for a moment. With a light flick of his hand, he revealed a stone box and opened it.

Resting on the azure-green stone was a red lotus flower, no bigger than a palm. It was a budding blossom, looking plump and full. An soaring aura of Radiant Fire, like a small bird, circled the red lotus.

Liu Changdie said softly,

"This is a Red Petrel Heart-Linking Flower. It grows in the Feather-Shedding Land, beneath the nest of a Surging Peace bird. I acquired it during my travels when I was at the Foundation Establishment Realm. It has been with me for many years. It is perfect to repay Senior's kindness."

"Thank you, brother!"

Fuxun was overjoyed. He very carefully took the stone box and passed it to Li Ximing. Liu Changdie, however, frowned with some concern and reminded them,

"If we only use one portion of Purple Mansion Realm spiritual resources, no matter how high Ximing's skill is, the resulting pills will still have that as their origin. Giving that to the King of Vermilion Luo… seems a bit like bullying."

This was true. Even if Li Ximing produced six or seven pills from one furnace, at most it would be the equivalent of refining two portions of spiritual resources. To trade that for a Spirit Fire, even with Fuxun's promise of protection, the difference in value was simply too great…

Li Ximing wasn't afraid of any consequences, but he was wary that the other party might actually have some backbone and just abandon the Vermilion Luo Kingdom and flee. The three of them wouldn't dare do anything to her ancestral homeland, and that would mean trouble for his own Moongaze Lake.

Seeing the two of them in a bind, Li Ximing smiled, for Liu Changdie's sake. He also took a stone box from his sleeve, revealing the Surging Li Treasure Leaf. He said softly,

"A Radiant Fire Purple Mansion Realm resource, the Surging Li Treasure Leaf, from a spirit flower in the Eastern Fire Grotto-Heaven."

As soon as he said this, Liu Changdie looked secretly troubled and hesitant, but Fuxun was ecstatic,

"Daoist Friend is truly a straightforward man!"

Liu Changdie could only transmit his voice silently using his dharma power,

"I will be sure to repay you for this, Ximing!"

Having settled their plan, the three did not rest for a moment. They tore open the Great Void and ascended from that place. Fuxun led the way, explaining,

"This Demon beast actually has some skill. Her name is Huo Yang, and she is a pheasant bird cultivating Radiant Fire. Her divine ability is in her beak. She's not much in a regular fight, but she learned a move from her ancestors—when she suddenly spits that mouthful of fire, even I have to retreat… But once that one mouthful of fire is spent, she's not much of a character!"

He appeared majestic and full of confidence. Then his tone shifted, filled with reverence,

"But her ancestor was formidable. He sired True Fire in his sons and Radiant Fire in his daughters. Back when her ancestor was alive, even my grandfather had to pay him respects. The Vermilion Luo Kingdom once ruled over half of Poluoduo. That Vermilion Bird from the Baijia Kingdom, how arrogant is she? But I heard she used to shamelessly call him 'uncle'… If he had successfully broken through, Poluoduo might have seen the rebuilding of the ancient Pheasant-Sparrow Kingdom!"

Li Ximing stroked his beard. Liu Changdie smiled and explained,

"This land beneath our feet, we in Jiangnan call it the Southern Borderlands. But the Southern Borderlands are vast. The territory north of the Piaoren Kingdom and below the Great Western Plateau is wide at the top and narrow at the bottom, almost splitting the northern Southern Sea in two. We call this place Poluoduo."

Li Ximing nodded. Fuxun continued,

"Back then, he tried to attest True Fire. Even the master of the Tree of One Heart came to watch. But alas, he failed at the final step, his body perished, and his Dao vanished. Once the demon was gone, the "tea grew cold." His flames were carved up, and the Vermilion Luo Kingdom has shrunk almost entirely to its island."

In the time it took to exchange a few sentences, they had already arrived at the Vermilion Luo Kingdom. The land was teeming with birds, and red oxen were draped in cloth. Fires burned everywhere, and the jungle was tall and crimson. Fuxun tore through the Great Void all the way, leading the two of them to a massive, crimson palace. He called out,

"Daoist Friend Huo Yang! Come out, quickly!"

As expected of a family that was once magnificent, this palace was far more splendid than his own pagoda. More importantly, Li Ximing sensed carefully and could actually feel the aura of a Purple Mansion Realm grand array over the palace. He nodded to himself,

'Ordinary Demon beasts naturally wouldn't have access to arrays. But with a great demon king in her ancestry, it wouldn't be a problem to invite a few Immortal Formations Masters to build one.'

He was fine, but the moment Liu Changdie saw the palace, his eyes lit up, and he couldn't walk another step. He stroked his chin, tilted his head, and studied it intently.

After a short while, a figure leaped out from the crimson expanse. It was a young woman with red hair and a white dress. Her pupils were crimson-black, and flame-like runes dotted her cheeks. Her collar was covered in dense True Fire patterns, and her two sleeves flowed like wings. She was actually quite beautiful. A crimson whip was coiled around her waist. Seeing such a large contingent, she stopped cautiously before the array, adopted a submissive posture, and said softly,
"So, it is Senior Fuxun… Has something happened?"

Fuxun laughed.

"What could happen… I heard from a few friends that that stupid bird is always coming to find trouble with you… I've brought you a business deal, and it will also solve your little problem."

"Oh?"

Fuxun and the Vermilion Bird from Baijia Kingdom had never gotten along. His words naturally carried a high degree of credibility. The woman smiled back. She couldn't afford to offend him now, so she replied meekly,

"Then, please."

She came out from the array and guided the three to a side hall to sit. Immediately, several young women came to serve wine.

These Demon beasts didn't bother with pleasantries. Fuxun cut straight to the chase, smiling,

"Let's not waste words. This is Daoist Friend Zhaojing from Jiangnan. He is a top-tier Alchemist, so renowned that he's unmatched in the mainland, and even the Supreme Yang Dao must give way to him!"

Li Ximing was just lifting his cup. Fuxun's words nearly made him jump. But he couldn't expose the bluff. He silently gritted his teeth, stood up, and bowed. Upon hearing this, the woman's vermilion lips parted slightly in great surprise. She said repeatedly,

"I have been truly negligent!"

To the Demon beasts of the Southern Borderlands, alchemy was a rare commodity, let alone skill that was "unmatched in Jiangnan." Huo Yang clearly showed a desire to get closer, smiling,

"If I could receive a Daoist Master's help in refining pills, it would be my greatest fortune."

Before her words even faded, Fuxun jumped in with a smile,

"That's exactly the idea… Daoist Friend Zhaojing is in urgent need of a Spirit Fire and wants to trade for it. The pills are negotiable… We can resolve your cultivation obstacles."

Huo Yang's smile faltered for a second. Understanding their purpose, she kept her smile in place and said in a low voice,

"When my father was alive, we truly had many resources. After he died, my elder brother wounded me and fled with all the resources… Senior knows this…"

Fuxun's expression didn't change. He smiled.

"You definitely have a Spirit Fire. The Heavenly Pheasant Mystic-Attachment Array is right here. Even if he stole the array foundation, wouldn't there still be a Spirit Fire left? I cultivate the Good Merit Register, so… I won't say more."

The atmosphere immediately became awkward. Li Ximing was inwardly astonished, thinking,

'What a bizarre divine ability! It must be a Life Divine Ability! It doesn't manipulate people's minds, but instead proceeds righteously in the direction of cultivating one's destiny. I wonder what marvels it holds!'

Liu Changdie, at his side, was not surprised, but Huo Yang's expression was stiff. Li Ximing, who had been observing her as a Radiant Fire cultivator, immediately spoke up,

"Senior's words are too serious. We are only here for a trade, with no other intentions. If Daoist Friend is willing, I will surely present you with superior spirit pills. The quantity and quality will not disappoint you."

Fuxun turned to sip his wine, saying faintly,

"I will handle the matter with that Vermilion Bird. In addition, I will owe you a favor."

Huo Yang's eyes visibly brightened. A lively smile returned to her face.

"I am grateful for the consideration you have all shown me. Although the resources in the palace were stolen, and the Spirit Fire my father transformed into was divided, I still have one portion saved."

"It's just the pills…"

Li Ximing smiled faintly, replying briskly,

"I can refine them right now!"

In the end, every one of them wouldn't act without seeing a benefit. Once the offer was good enough, her memory became clear, and she suddenly remembered she had a Spirit Fire. Huo Yang was now clearly interested in forming a bond, smiling,

"When my father was alive, he had a Palace of Slumbering Li. The True Fire vein within it is one of the marvels of this world. Please, you three!"

Demon beasts acted with less trouble and fuss than the people of Jiangnan. Once the deal was struck in a few sentences, they immediately entered the palace array, crossed seventy-two golden steps, and arrived at a grand hall that looked like it was made of crystal.

Li Ximing raised his eyebrows slightly. The place was utterly magnificent, with feathers scattered everywhere. The throne in the center was as large as a small mountain, and every surface was painted with True Fire and gold patterns. The very center of the hall was a perfect hexagon, where the golden light of the array circulated above, each reflecting the other.

But having seen the wonders of the Heaven of Sun and Moon's Shared Radiance, this place, while magnificent, lacked a certain profoundness. The only thing that attracted him was the large script on the pillars at either side. The brushstrokes were like dragons, emitting a crimson-red light. They were written casually, yet were perfectly natural, making it impossible to look away.

'True Fire snaps the pillar, yet bids Li to act. Four methods query nature, why speak of perfection!'

Li Ximing scanned it once, silently memorizing it, then turned to the grand array. He smiled.

"I wonder about the feathers in this hall…"

The woman looked a little wistful. "My father placed them here. They are what he shed before his breakthrough…"

Li Ximing nodded inwardly and asked,

"I wonder if I might borrow a few."

Huo Yang smiled.

"Use as many as you like. My kind has enormous bodies. When we shed our feathers, countless spiritual feathers fall… It's just that after seven days, they lose most of their spiritual nature."

Li Ximing didn't much care. He turned to inspect the fire vein.

The Heavenly Heart Oneness Pill Art he used was a method of refining pills by uniting an 'intent'. Although these feathers weren't precious, they were shed by a Purple Mansion Realm great demon before his breakthrough, so their "rank" was not low.

'This fire vein is indeed pure True Fire, exceptionally refined… Truly a rarity in this world. I wonder how many generations of demons it took. Gardenia Scenery Mountain cannot compare, and it is hard to find its equal even in Jiangnan…'

His mind was made up,

"Using the True Fire vein, supplemented by the True Fire flame, they will be the 'parents'. The Radiant Fire will be the pill, which is the 'middle daughter'. The pill Dao is set."

This Daoist principle was easy to find, but the balance was extremely difficult to grasp. He immediately took Huo Yang's feathers and a drop of her essence blood, told the three to stand guard outside, and only then took out the Treasure Elephant Cauldron. He used the 'father-daughter' intent to correspond to the 'flower-leaf' sign of the Surging Li Treasure Leaf and the Red Petrel Heart-Linking Flower, and ignited the cauldron to refine the pills.

For a time, the triple-phased fire raged, and the color of the sky changed. The two demons and one human chatted outside. After a full half-month, a faint golden mist began to drift from the hall, refreshing the heart and spirit. Birds chirped, and the serving girls walking by couldn't help but slow their steps to inhale a few more breaths, making Huo Yang turn her head silently, her heart full of distracted anticipation.

She did indeed have the Spirit Fire, but her ancestors' legacy had long since been emptied by her brother. After using up the few treasures she had, she didn't know how long it had been since she'd had a single high-quality spirit pill…

Another half-month passed. Finally, the man in the white-gold Daoist robes flew out of the great hall, smiling,

"Daoist Friends!"

Huo Yang shot up from her seat. She saw him present a jade box. On the bottom of the gold-silk-lined box sat eight spirit pills.

Each pill was in the shape of a bird, encircled with glowing, iridescent feather patterns. Every tiny wisp of down was distinct, and they emitted a faint glow. If one listened closely, one could hear the faint chirping of birds.

At this moment, all three were stunned. Fuxun and Huo Yang were each happy for their own reasons. Even Liu Changdie stroked his beard and sighed to himself,

'I knew in my past life that his pill art was astonishing, but I never thought that after breaking through to the Purple Mansion Realm, he would rise to another level. Eight pills in one furnace… Calling him number one in Jiangnan might be too much, but he can certainly leave others in the dust!'

Li Ximing smiled,

"This pill is named, Embracing-Feather Uniting-Heart Pill. It is a Radiant Fire pill, but it was born of True Fire, making it perfectly suited for your Dao path, Daoist Friend. It can stimulate your bloodline, grow your divine marvels, and unite your dao. It is custom-made for you. If others were to take it, the effect would be far inferior!"

Huo Yang was overjoyed. She inspected the pills carefully. The quality and quantity clearly exceeded her expectations, not to mention the unique ingenuity that made them so compatible with her. Just by smelling them, she knew they would be of great help to her divine ability and could shorten her years of cultivation.

Looking at it this way, this trade was even more beneficial. She said joyfully,
"Daoist Friend's pill art… even the legendary Yanque of old… would have to compete to determine who is superior!"

She very preciously put the box away, raised her two sleeves, which looked as if they were draped in feathers, and lifted them gently.

"Go!"

A stream of apricot-red fire immediately flew from her sleeve. It transformed in mid-air into a palm-sized, apricot-red Spirit Sparrow. Its eyes were black and bright, extremely nimble. It landed on her fingertip, lifting its beak to look at them.

Although she knew she had to part with it, a Spirit Fire was incredibly precious. She stroked the Spirit Sparrow's head with great reluctance, her voice low,
"Purple Mansion Realm Radiant Fire, Red Pheasant Surging Li Flame. It dissolves malice, harmonises qi, surges to peace and stirs the profound. It is a flame of magnificent and proper bearing, able to break through disaster and difficulty, and refine all metals. Its primary uses are nourishing the spirit and moving the heart."

"This fire has been with me for eighty-one years… Today… I gift it to you, Daoist Friend!"

***

**Characters Appearing in This Chapter**

——

Liu Changdie Early-stage Purple Mansion Realm Purple Mansion Array Master

Fu○xun Early-stage Purple Mansion Realm

Li Ximing Early-stage Purple Mansion Realm Purple Mansion Alchemist

Huo Yang Early-stage Purple Mansion Realm