# Chapter 931, Great Radiance's Splendor

The Great Void was turbulent, and Li Ximing journeyed back. While traveling, he idly absorbed spiritual qi and cultivated. He soon arrived at Tiger's Frontier Mountain, discovering the entire peak to be a stark white. One, from a recent frost, and two, from the white cloth hung everywhere in mourning for the fallen Daoist Masters. Although the mourning period was over, the white cloth had not yet been taken down.

"It's a truly sorrowful event…"

The Great Xiukui Monastery had lost two Purple Mansion cultivators, one a Great Daoist Master who had passed the Purple Mystery and cultivated to become a Sword Immortal with four divine abilities, and the other a Daoist Master from the Lin clan, in the prime of his life, with three divine abilities, who was seen as a future leader of the Daoist tradition… and both in a single day! The loss was as great as the distance between heaven and earth, a truly tragic event.

Even after Li Ximing's arrival, the mountain still felt listless. When they heard his news, the current genius of the Great Xiukui Monastery, Lin Ya, a descendant of Houfu, hurried down the mountain to greet him. He bowed respectfully and said,

"Sorry to have kept you waiting, Daoist Master."

Li Ximing nodded with a hint of emotion. He casually glanced around the mountain and smiled.

"When the Fei clan moved to the county, did anyone plead on their behalf?"

At this, Lin Ya bowed and replied,

"Reporting to the Daoist Master, they all failed at the monastery. They were implicated because of Fei Qing'yi, and Fei Qingya have not been kind to them. A few days ago, a female cultivator came from the sea, claiming to be from the Fei clan, Fei Qingyi, an Azure Pond cultivator. She kept asking for a way in, and even knelt before the gate of our Great Xiukui Monastery, claiming her kinsman was foolish and the clan members innocent, hoping our Daoist tradition would be lenient in its punishment."

"Oh?"

Li Ximing was not surprised. Whether or not the woman was sincere, the Fei clan had suffered a great calamity, and for her to come and plead on their behalf was only natural. If she had sat idly by, those who used her in the Azure Pond would have to be wary of her.

However, she had always been clear-headed in her dealings. She knew it would be inappropriate and offensive to plead on the lake, so she chose to plead at the Great Xiukui Monastery.

Li Ximing gave a light response, and Lin Ya continued,

"At the time, the sect had just lost a Daoist Master. Everyone was deeply grieved and angry, and had no good feelings towards traitors. We made her kneel for three days. It was Fei Qingya who came down from the mountain and took her into her cave dwelling."

His tone was very flat when he spoke of Fei Qingya, without the slightest familiarity one would have when speaking of a sect genius. He was too cold. Clearly, with her personality, Fei Qingya was not very well-liked at the Great Xiukui Monastery.

Lin Ya even frowned slightly and said in a low voice,

"Later, when she came out of the cave dwelling again, Fei Qingya had a look of great respect and was already calling her 'older sister'."

"She's clever!"

Li Ximing shook his head with a laugh. He hadn't thought of that at the time, but now that he considered it, it was a good strategy.

‘Fei Qingyi grew up in the shadow of her ancestor being slain as a formation core, and she was raised in the treacherous mud of the Azure Pond's Yuanwu Peak. After all these years, she was able to land a good branch, even one belonging to her family's enemies. Her mind and methods are naturally not what the simple Fei Qingya's can compare to… it wouldn't be hard for her to manipulate Fei Qingya with a few words! ’

‘Her purpose for coming here was not simply to plead. First, she had to satisfy appearances. Second… how could she not try to climb this high branch?’

The Fei clan's juniors did not have a good opinion of Fei Qingyi. Fei Qingya had lived there for many years and obviously knew she had an aloof older cousin who flew to a high branch without a second thought. Otherwise, why would she have let her kneel at the mountain gate for three days? Although this sister of hers was more sensible than Fei Qingfei, she was still naive. She only had to hear a few words… and she was immediately calling her "older sister".

This was the Great Xiukui Monastery's problem. Looking at Lin Ya's expression, he must have felt it deeply. Li Ximing did not want to mention it further. He asked about Daoist Master Houfu's whereabouts, and Lin Ya replied,

"Reporting to the Daoist Master, Senior Cheng Gao of the Sword Gate failed to achieve a divine ability and perished yesterday… Our family has some familial ties to him, so the Daoist Master went to the Sword Gate. He just returned this morning and is at the peak of Tiger's Frontier Mountain."

Li Ximing was first stunned, then he sighed softly.

This Senior Cheng Gao was not very old. He had once been close to Li Yuanjiao and was a leading figure of the last generation of the Sword Gate. His chances of breaking through to the Purple Mansion Realm were not small, but many people fail to achieve a divine ability, and it's often inexplicable.

"What a pity! How is the Sword Gate?"

He gave a response, and as they walked to the peak, Lin Ya hesitated, then answered,

"I heard that the Sword Gate is in great chaos right now."

Li Ximing was taken aback, but Houfu had already come out of the courtyard to greet him. Lin Ya immediately retreated without saying anything more.

Houfu's expression was not good, but he was still polite to Li Ximing. After they exchanged a few pleasantries, Houfu somberly put down his cup without waiting for Li Ximing to bring up the topic.

"I imagine Zhaojing has heard… Cheng Gao has perished."

Li Ximing frowned. "He failed to achieve a divine ability?"

Houfu's tone turned a little cold. "Only half."

"His cultivation manual was special, and he had a better chance of breaking through on the Western Heaven Plateau, so he cultivated in a secret cave dwelling nearby."

"Three months ago, the conflict between the White Victory Dao and the Great And Illustrious Peace Temple gradually came to an end. The entire Great Western Plateau basically fell into the hands of the White Victory Dao, leaving only Luosuo, where the Great And Illustrious Peace Temple was located. Those unorthodox sects began to fight there, and they battled all the way to Shu, collapsing nine mountain ranges."

Li Ximing clearly saw Houfu's eyes turn ruthless. This new leader of the Great Xiukui Monastery was clearly not as dignified as his predecessor but was instead a little more vicious. His tone, however, was calm,

"The Great And Illustrious Peace Temple's Merciful Ones and that domesticated Demon beast both perished there. At the same time, the earth shook, and the earth veins, spiritual veins, and spiritual essence all changed… especially the earth veins. Even many nearby arrays failed. Cheng Gao happened to be cultivating in that area. His divine ability failed to cross, and his life and soul were extinguished."

Upon hearing this, Li Ximing understood and felt a chill. He probed,

"It probably wasn't an accident…"

Houfu scoffed. Li Ximing frowned and said,

"I remember… a Ni clan's Purple Mansion cultivator and a Sword Gate Daoist Master were guarding Shu… why didn't they step in and protect him?"

Houfu shook his head.

"They already tried to protect him… A fight on the scale of the White Victory Dao and the Great And Illustrious Peace Temple would cause concern for a feint. Daoist Master Hongyan of the Ni clan was guarding Long, and it was not convenient for him to go to a secret place anyway, and Daoist Master Cheng's job was to stabilize the earth veins… everyone can see through that. It's an attempt to hide the truth."

Li Ximing was speechless. He found the reasoning sound. After all, when two parties are fighting, if an outsider comes to stabilize the earth veins, wouldn't that be a clear sign of a hidden motive? He replied,

"It's indeed a difficult situation. If he didn't go, he could only watch it happen. If he did, it would be a self-incrimination. Neither of those two factions are good people… this was an open conspiracy."

Houfu rubbed his brow and nodded silently. He replied,

"Cheng Gao was not an ordinary person… he was the only member of the Cheng clan to have married outside, and he was a disciple of Senior Lingmei. Compared to Daoist Master Jiuwen's ambiguous attitude, he was the only important direct descendant of the Cheng clan who explicitly supported joining the world and not giving up on Shu."

Li Ximing frowned, musing to himself,

‘The Sword Gate must have many trump cards, but from the Cheng clan's perspective, entering the world might not be a good choice. With Senior Tiantou on the mountain, if they were to give up Shu, who could do anything to the Sword Gate? By refusing to let go, they only create more weaknesses…’

Houfu did not think much of this. The Sword Gate's troubles were far more complex than this. Another genius of the Sword Gate, Gu Pang, was in seclusion with Cheng Gao, but he had entered seclusion much earlier, so he was likely not affected by these things. But who knows if it would happen again? These were things he could not tell an outsider like Li Ximing. He could only sigh to himself and say with a mournful voice,

"There are even more troubles… The Great And Illustrious Peace Temple has been utterly defeated, and the North has shown no sign of reinforcements. The entire Western Heaven Plateau has been unified by the White Victory Dao, and even the Great Illumination Palace has fallen back into their hands."

"I heard from Daoist Master Hongyan that the White Victory Dao has re-established the Esoteric Sect. They worship the mountain gods and lake gods, raise the wind-horse prayer flags, five-colored prayer flags, and have re-established the Xiangxiong Kingdom."

Houfu's expression was complex.

"The Xiangxiong Kingdom was the kingdom of that personage. The meaning is very clear now."

Clearly, the personage he was referring to was Xiyan, a third of the Lesser Yang.

A True Monarch could be called by any name when they were nowhere to be found, but now that he had likely manifested, who would dare to call him a 'demon'? As a cultivator of the Supreme Yang Daoist tradition, Houfu could only refer to him as 'that personage'. It was likely that all those in the world who knew the truth now respectfully referred to him as 'True Monarch'.

‘The White Victory Dao is flourishing. Fuxun is probably worried, so this pill is even more urgent now…’

Li Ximing's thoughts passed quickly. Houfu said wistfully,

"Xiyan is his Dao name. That person's title is Western Eternal Loyalty White Victory Yan True Monarch. He is also the Western Lesser Yang and Right Lesser Yang in the Daoist images. Zhaojing, in the future, if you hear any news or see any related items, pay close attention."

This made Li Ximing's heart pound. After thanking him, he finally found an opportunity to speak in a soft voice.

"I have also come today for a matter…"

"Oh?"

Houfu took a sip of tea and asked with slight surprise. Li Ximing laughed and replied,

"A few days ago, I was entrusted by a friend to refine an extremely profound spiritual pill. The difficulty is the greatest I have ever faced. I am still a little worried. When I refined a pill for fellow Daoist Tinglan back then, I saw your esteemed tradition's treasure."

"The Xiukui Profound-Passage Cauldron?"

Houfu was enlightened. He smiled and said with a serious expression,

"Are you refining the pill here at Tiger's Frontier?"

Li Ximing had considered this long ago. According to his original judgment, Fuxun would never allow him to take these two extremely valuable spiritual artifacts away and into another Immortal Daoist tradition. He should have asked to borrow the Purple Mansion Spiritual Cauldron instead, but now with Liu Changdie, the trust between the two sides had greatly increased. It was no problem to bring the items here. He smiled and replied,

"Exactly."

"I see!"

Houfu was also wary of this. As long as the treasure didn't leave the mountain gate, he didn't have to worry about it. He could let Li Ximing use it. It was, after all, a favor. He smiled and said,

"What's difficult about that? The Xiukui Profound-Passage Cauldron is in Kuidu Palace. Whenever you decide you need to use it, just come to the mountain gate, give us a heads-up, and you can go right in!"

He said it very casually. Li Ximing's heart relaxed, knowing that the other party was being polite. He smiled and said,

"Thank you, Senior! According to the rules, you should receive a pill after this is done, but this pill is special and only one will be produced. So I will simply owe you a favor. Whenever you need a pill refined, you only need to ask me!"

After the Tangdao Mountain Range incident, the relationship between Hengzhu and the other Supreme Yang Daoist traditions had slightly eased. However, the Purple Mansion cultivators of the Hengzhu Dao had not yet shown themselves. How Hengxing would view this remained a problem. Houfu had naturally heard that Li Ximing's alchemy was extraordinary, and his heart moved. He agreed with a smile.

Li Ximing had a good impression of him. Since he agreed so readily, Li Ximing paused and still reminded him,

"Fei Qingya was taken back by Senior Kui Qi. How is she now? I saw she had a gentle and receptive personality, and she should be cultivated well."

Houfu smiled helplessly and replied,

"Thank you, Zhaojing!"

Li Ximing understood and lowered his head with a laugh. Houfu was not in a leisurely mood right now, so he soon left Tiger's Frontier and stepped into the Great Void. As he flew away, he took a quick look around.

Although there was still snow falling on the entire peak, it was no longer the neat and cultivated scene from his Foundation Establishment days. The tea bushes all over the mountain had not been pruned and had grown into a chaotic tangle.

‘With two Daoist Masters gone, the Great Xiukui Monastery has also become much more low-key…’

He flew all the way back, and not long after, he stepped out onto Gardenia Scenery Mountain.

The weather was getting cold, but Gardenia Scenery Mountain was as warm as spring. The gardenia flowers all over the mountain never wilted. The tables were clean, clearly having been recently tidied. Li Ximing landed silently and immediately sent someone to find Li Zhouwei.

He did not waste any time. He took out a jade slip from his sleeve.

*The Great Radiance of White Brilliance*!

A rank six spell art was the highest-level technique a Purple Mansion cultivator could obtain! Even though Li Ximing had been in the Purple Mansion Realm for many years and the Li clan had two Purple Mansion cultivators, if he had to rely on his own collection, the only useful manual he had was the rank four *Heavenly Radiance, Hidden Light*.

He read it with a slight trepidation, pondering for a long time, and gradually came to understand its principles.

The first step of cultivating this art was to deduce, based on the incantations and secrets in the manual, the location of nine profound acupoints within the sea of qi. He had to constantly nurture them and find the one among them called the Radiant Gate casting acupoint, and place the Radiant Fire within it.

The so-called profound acupoints were not real acupoints but were rather notional positions created through calculation. This step required extremely high Dao-Profundity. An ordinary person, not to mention a Purple Mansion spiritual flame, would take years just to complete the first step of cultivation, and even more to nurture this profound acupoint so that it would slowly take form, eventually becoming nine real acupoints.

Of course, for a Purple Mansion cultivator's initiation, there was no nurturing. The Great Radiance of White Brilliance simply said a few words, Divinely easy to calculate, once calculated it can be self-activated.

‘With a divine ability, what is there to fear? I'll just dig one out of my Dharma Body myself.’

It was even easier for Li Ximing. There was no need to calculate. He took the Red Pheasant Surging Li Flame, circulated it through his sea of qi, and asked the little apricot-colored bird which spot was most comfortable. With a few quick deductions, he found a spot that matched the scriptures.

And so, with a thought, he immediately drew out the nine profound acupoints in his sea of qi. The Red Pheasant Surging Li Flame settled into Radiant Gate, and he felt his sea of qi tremble slightly. A divine ability roared forth, rushing in from the other eight acupoints and converging in the Radiant Gate, manifesting a streak of brilliant red.

This light was a single point of Red Radiance. It signified that he had officially begun cultivating this art. As his Dao-Profundity in the art deepened, the radiance would become more concentrated. Ten points could be refined into one sliver of Golden Radiance, which signified minor attainment. Ten slivers could then be refined into a streak of White Brilliance, signifying major attainment!

No matter what kind of light, it could be summoned from the sea of qi to injure enemies. Paired with Radiant Fire, it could summon all kinds of Great Radiance's Splendor, which had a variety of magical effects. The more profound the Radiant Fire and the more skilled the fire control, the more powerful this light would be!

There was no need to refine it to a state of major attainment. As long as it reached a certain level, the Great Radiance's Splendor could assist him in refining his dharma power, suppressing his sea of qi, and it could leave the sea of qi to travel through his four limbs and hundred bones, interfering with the divine abilities and dharma power that entered his Dharma Body, protecting his life-mandate!